docs: Mention wide globs performance implications in monorepos docs and parser README (#5864)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: docs/linting/typed-linting/MONOREPOS.md

};
```

### Wide globs in `parserOptions.project`

> Using wide globs `**` in your `parserOptions.project` may cause performance implications. Instead of globs that use `**` to recursively check all folders, prefer paths that use a single `*` at a time.

Reviewer: Just nitpicking: it's good to be specific (_what_ implications?).

```suggestion
Using wide globs `**` in your `parserOptions.project` may degrade linting performance.
Instead of globs that use `**` to recursively check all folders, prefer paths that use a single `*` at a time.
```
